README.md, before:


# CowGreeting, RGlusic's cowhello on sterioids.
Features:
Friendly greetings based on time of day (morning, afternoon, evening)
Personalized with your system username
Customizable date and time formats
Optional time display (12-hour or 24-hour)
Cross-shell compatible (bash, zsh)
Configurable via a simple .greetcow.conf file
Works great in .bashrc, .zshrc, or on login

# Now with ✨ Plugins! ✨

🛠 Installation
1. Manual Installation
Clone the repo and install the script:

git clone https://github.com/hazypugfluff/CowGreeting

cd greetcow

chmod +x greetcow.sh

sudo cp greetcow.sh /usr/local/bin/greetcow

Or place it anywhere in your PATH.

2. Configuration
Create a .greetcow.conf in the same directory as the script or in your home folder. Here's an example config:
# .greetcow.conf

date_format=%Y-%m-%d

time_format=%H:%M

show_time=true

time_12hr=false

timezone=local

If no config is found, it will use sensible defaults.

# Reqirements:
bash/zsh terminal enviroment, CowSay (in your path).

Commit message:

Moved plugin system to use ~/.config/cowgreeting/plugins instead

README.md, after:


# CowGreeting, RGlusic's cowhello on sterioids.
Features:
Friendly greetings based on time of day (morning, afternoon, evening)
Personalized with your system username
Customizable date and time formats
Optional time display (12-hour or 24-hour)
Cross-shell compatible (bash, zsh)
Configurable via a simple .greetcow.conf file
Works great in .bashrc, .zshrc, or on login

# Now with ✨ Plugins! ✨

Plugins are automatically stored in `~/.config/cowgreeting/plugins/` and the directory is created on first run.

🛠 Installation
1. Manual Installation
Clone the repo and install the script:

git clone https://github.com/hazypugfluff/CowGreeting

cd greetcow

chmod +x greetcow.sh

sudo cp greetcow.sh /usr/local/bin/greetcow

Or place it anywhere in your PATH.

2. Configuration
Create a .greetcow.conf in the same directory as the script or in your home folder. Here's an example config:
# .greetcow.conf

date_format=%Y-%m-%d

time_format=%H:%M

show_time=true

time_12hr=false

timezone=local

If no config is found, it will use sensible defaults.

# Reqirements:
bash/zsh terminal enviroment, CowSay (in your path).
